readme.md, before:

# 欢迎/歡迎/Welcome/Välkommen/いらっしゃいませ

## About Me

I am a “Professor by Special Appointment” at the <a href="https://en.igp.ustc.edu.cn/main.htm">Institute of Geometry and Physics</a> in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hefei">Hefei</a>.

I am organizing the [USTC complex geometry seminar](seminar.md).

- In October 2022, I obtained my PhD degree at <a href="https://www.chalmers.se/sv/Sidor/default.aspx">Chalmers Tekniska Högskola</a> in <a href="https://www.campervansweden.com/blog/about-sweden/swiss-vs-swedish">Sweden</a> under the supervision of Robert Berman.
- Afterwards, I was a <a href="https://kaw.wallenberg.org/en/mingchen-xia">Wallenberg postdoc</a> from December 2022 to May 2025.

Email: <xiamingchen2008@gmail.com> 

Accessing Gmail in China requires some magics, which may fail from time to time. I apologise for possibly late replies.

> Good to know before contacting me: 1. À quelques exceptions près, je refuse de contribuer aux revues françaises. 2. I stopped working on K-stability since 2021. 3. My given name is Mingchen instead of Xia, Xiam, Mincheng, Minchen or Mingcheng. And I am male. 4. Preferred languages: Chinese > English or French. Ich versuche, mein Deutsch zu verbessern. Du kannst mir gern auf Hochdeutsch schreiben, wenn es dich nicht stört, Antworten auf holprigem Deutsch zu bekommen.


## Some Problems

This is a collection of problems arising from my own research that may be of interest to people outside my domain.  If you know the solutions to any of the following problems, please let me know.

- [Flat pull-back of currents on complex analytic spaces](https://mathoverflow.net/questions/407628/regularity-of-fiber-integration-between-complex-analytic-spaces)

- [Compute mixed volumes of big line bundles from Okounkov bodies](https://mathoverflow.net/questions/408179/mixed-volumes-of-newton-okounkov-bodies)

> By [a theorem of Jow](https://arxiv.org/abs/0902.2521), information of all Okounkov bodies determines all numerical information of line bundles. This problem asks for explicit formulae.

## Lecture notes

> Fere libenter homines id quod volunt credunt.

### Archimedean pluripotential theory

- Lectures on pluripotential theory [1](Lectures/ShanghaiTech1.pdf), [2](Lectures/ShanghaiTech2.pdf), [3](Lectures/ShanghaiTech3.pdf), [4](Lectures/ShanghaiTech4.pdf).

> Lecture notes for my course at Shanghai Tech university in the summer of 2023.

- [Characterizations of I-good singularities](Lectures/CAS1.pdf).

> Lecture notes for my course at Chinese academy of science in the summer of 2023.

- [Singularities in global pluripotential theory](Lectures/SGPT2.pdf). Revised in September 2025.

> Lecture notes for my course at Zhejiang university in the spring of 2024. Please let me know if you find any typos/mistakes or find any of the arguments unclear. 

### Non-Archimedean geometry

- Lectures on non-Archimedean pluripotential theory [1](Lectures/USTC_NA_1.pdf), [2](Lectures/USTC_NA_2.pdf), [3](Lectures/USTC_NA_3.pdf), [4](Lectures/USTC_NA_4.pdf).

> Lecture notes for my course at USTC in the spring of 2024.

## Other notes

- [LaTeX tips for working mathematicians](Notes/LaTeX_tips.pdf)

- [Relative pluripotential theory](Notes/RPT.pdf) (Chapter I to Chapter III)

> Just a preliminary version with potentially many mistakes. I'm slowly adding new materials.

- [Radial Calabi flow](Notes/RCF.pdf)  

> One of my unfinished projects. It contains a number of conjectures of interest.

- [Note on relative normalisations](Notes/RN.pdf)

> I collect a few well-known results about relative normalisations.

- Notes on the toroidal compactifications of Shimura varieties: [I](Notes/SV1.pdf), [II](Notes/SV2.pdf), [III](Notes/SV3.pdf), [X](Notes/SV10.pdf), [XIII](Notes/SV13.pdf).

- Notes on Hodge theory: [Carlson's correspondence](Notes/Hodge1.pdf).

- [Operations on transcendental non-Archimedean metrics](https://bookstore.ams.org/view?ProductCode=CONM/810). [arXiv:2312.17150](https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.17150).

> This note is a trivial continuation of my joint paper with Darvas and Zhang. The only notable result is Theorem 4.21. <span style="color:red"> The editors put an earlier version in the final book by mistake. Please read the arXiv version instead. </span>

- [Non-pluripolar currents are not necessarily I-good](Notes/IGE.pdf)

> I construct a non-pluripolar qpsh function with small unbounded locus which is not I-good.

- Notes on Ducros' book "La structure des courbes analytiques" [Chapter 3](Notes/Duc3.pdf), [Chapter 4](Notes/Duc4.pdf)

> My notes while learning Ducros' book.

## Beamers

- [Pluripotential-theoretic approach to radial energy functionals](Beamers/PTA.pdf)  Beijing university, 11/20/2020 (mm/dd/yyyy).

- [Analytic Bertini theorem](Beamers/ABT.pdf) Oslo SCV conference, 12/18/2021.

- [A mathematician’s complaint about Hermitian operators](Beamers/MC.pdf) A talk for physicists during an informal seminar, 12/10/2021.

- [The volume of pseudo-effective line bundles and partial Okounkov bodies](Beamers/VPPO.pdf)  YMSC Tsinghua university, 12/20/2021.

- [Chern--Weil formulae of singular Hermitian vector bundles](Beamers/CWF.pdf) Aarhus, 05/20/2022.

- [Les singularités $\mathcal{I}$-bonnes --- L'intersection entre la théorie analytique et la théorie algébrique](Beamers/IBS.pdf) IMJ-PRG, 01/03/2023.

> En attendant le remboursement du repa de 7 euros jusqu'à aujourd'hui.

- [A transcendental approach to non-Archimedean metrics](Beamers/TAnA.pdf) Göteborg, 05/04/2023.

- [Transcendental Okounkov bodies and the trace operator of currents](Beamers/TOB.pdf) Toulouse, 10/05/2023.

- [Singularities in global pluripotential theory](Beamers/SGPT.pdf) Kanazawa, 12/06/2023.

- [Partial Okounkov bodies and toric geometry](Beamers/POB.pdf) Cambridge, 05/17/2024.

- [A brief history of potential theory — From Poisson to Lelong](Beamers/HPT.pdf) Shanghai, 09/04/2024

- [Transcendental b-divisors](Beamers/TBD.pdf) Göteborg, 05/28/2025.



## Research

>Errare humanum est.

All my preprints can be found on arXiv. See [my Google Scholar page](https://scholar.google.se/citations?user=1GbYhEMAAAAJ) as well.

### Works in progress

- [Transcendental b-divisors](Papers/TB.pdf)

> In this paper, I studied the theory of transcendental b-divisors. This paper itself is complete. I am working on a subsequent project. Updated in December 2025, references updated.

- [Transcendental b-divisors II](Papers/TB2.pdf)

> In this paper, I proved a quantitative version of the monotonicity theorem and proved a relation between the loss of mass and the Lelong numbers. The main result Theorem B can be seen as a version of the BDPP conjecture. The natural question is: How to generalize Theorem B to variations in the transcendental directions?

### K-stability

- On sharp lower bounds for Calabi type functionals and destabilizing properties of gradient flows, ***Analysis & PDE***, (2021).  [arXiv:1901.07889](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.07889) [Journal link](https://msp.org/apde/2021/14-6/p12.xhtml)

> My note [Radial Calabi flow](Notes/RCF.pdf) might be of interest to the readers of this paper.

- Pluripotential-theoretic stability thresholds, ***IMRN***, (2022).  [arXiv:2012.12039](https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.12039) [Journal link](https://academic.oup.com/imrn/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/imrn/rnac186/6644735)

> In arXiv version 1, Section 8, I briefly explained the second order expansion of Donaldson's L-functionals, which might be of interest as well.

### Pluripotential theory

- Integration by parts formula for non-pluripolar product.  [arXiv:1907.06359](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.06359)

> This paper was the first proof of the integration by parts formula. However, a better approach was found later on by Lu, so this paper is no longer important. I don't intend to submit it.

- Mabuchi geometry of big cohomology classes with prescribed singularities, ***Journal für die reine und angewandte Mathematik***, (2023). [arXiv:1907.07234](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.07234) [Journal link](https://www.degruyter.com/document/doi/10.1515/crelle-2023-0019/html)

>  There is a slight issue in the proof of Theorem 2.11 line 10: <span style="color:red"> $f^{\#}$ is only formally smooth, not smooth. </span> This does not affect anything in the proof. This is corrected in [this version](Papers/MG.pdf).

> As pointed out by Vasanth Pidaparthy and Prakhar Gupta, the statement of Proposition 4.12(ii) (Proposition 6.12(ii) in the arXiv version) is wrong in the generality as stated there, <span style="color:red"> one needs to assume that $\varphi_0\leq \gamma\leq \varphi_1$ in addition</span>. This mistake does not affect the other parts of the paper.

> The published version contains only the special case without prescribed singularities on Kähler manifolds. The method in the general case is exactly the same.

- The closures of test configurations and algebraic singularity types, (joint with Tamás Darvas), ***Advances in Mathematics***, (2022).  [arXiv:2003.04818](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.04818) [Journal link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0001870822000147)

- The volume of pseudoeffective line bundles and partial equilibrium, (joint with Tamás Darvas), ***Geometry & Topology***, (2024). [arXiv:2112.03827](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03827) [Journal link](https://msp.org/gt/2024/28-4/p09.xhtml)

- Partial Okounkov bodies and Duistermaat--Heckman measures of non-Archimedean metrics. [arXiv:2112.04290](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04290)

> The proof of the Hausdorff convergence property in this paper is quite messy. My [book](Lectures/SGPT2.pdf) contains a more readable proof.

- Non-pluripolar products on vector bundles and Chern--Weil formulae, ***Mathematische Annalen***, (2024). [arXiv:2210.15342](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.15342) [Journal link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00208-024-02838-4)

- Transcendental Okounkov bodies, (joint with Tamás Darvas, Rémi Reboulet, David Witt Nyström and Kewei Zhang). [arXiv:2309.07584](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.07584)

- The trace operator of quasi-plurisubharmonic functions on compact Kähler manifolds, (joint with Tamás Darvas). [arXiv:2403.08259](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.08259)

> A different point of view to the trace operator can be found in my lecture notes at Zhejiang university. Given the strong analogy with the usual trace opeartor, it is natural to ask if one could solve the Dirichlet problem for our trace operators: Is it possible to extend (in the sense of trace operators, up to I-equivalence) any Kähler current within a given big cohomology class?

### Non-Archimedean geometry and algebraic geometry

- On Liu morphisms in non-Archimedean geometry, ***Israel Journal of Mathematics, (2022)***. [arXiv:2106.08032](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.08032) [Journal link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11856-022-2456-6)

> In the complex analytic setting, very similar arguments (using Fréchet algebras instead of Banach algebras) give the notion of Stein morphisms. It is of interest to see if these morphisms are useful. <span style="color:red"> M. Maculan pointed out that Liu morphisms are not G-local on the target, see the [corrected version](Papers/Liu.pdf). </span> I will update arXiv in a few days.

- Analytic Bertini theorem, ***Mathematische Zeitschrift***, (2022).  [arXiv:2110.14971](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.14971) [Journal link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00209-022-03103-7)

>  There is minor gap in the proof: <span style="color:red"> In the first step, one needs to further enlarge $\Sigma_1$ to make sure that the restriction ideal coincides with the pull-back as coherent sheaves.</span> A corrected proof is presented in my lecture notes at Zhejiang University. 

- A transcendental approach to non-Archimedean metrics of pseudoeffective classes, (joint with Tamás Darvas and Kewei Zhang). [arXiv:2302.02541](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.02541)

> The theory of non-Archimedean psh functions we developed in this paper trivally satisfies Boucksom--Jonsson's envelope conjecture (even on a general unibranch complex space), see my note [Operations on transcendental non-Archimedean metrics](Notes/OTNA.pdf).

## My favourite links

### Legal links

- [Online math seminars](https://researchseminars.org)

- [Tikz-cd editor](https://tikzcd.yichuanshen.de)

- [Quiver](https://q.uiver.app)

- [Stacks Project](https://stacks.math.columbia.edu)

- [Kerodon](https://kerodon.net)

- [Almost Sure](https://almostsuremath.com)

- [MacTutor](https://mathshistory.st-andrews.ac.uk)

### Illegal links

- [ZLibrary](https://z-library.sk)

> Updated on Nov 8, 2024.

- [Libgen](https://libgen.vg)

> Updated on Jul 21, 2025.

- [Sci-hub](http://sci-hub.vkif.top)

> Sci-hub is getting blocked in many countries recently. If the link fails to work, please try to change the domain name.

Commit message:

Update readme with CNRS application details
Added information about CNRS position applications.

readme.md, after:

# 欢迎/歡迎/Welcome/Välkommen/いらっしゃいませ

## About Me

I am a “Professor by Special Appointment” at the <a href="https://en.igp.ustc.edu.cn/main.htm">Institute of Geometry and Physics</a> in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hefei">Hefei</a>.

I am organizing the [USTC complex geometry seminar](seminar.md).

- In October 2022, I obtained my PhD degree at <a href="https://www.chalmers.se/sv/Sidor/default.aspx">Chalmers Tekniska Högskola</a> in <a href="https://www.campervansweden.com/blog/about-sweden/swiss-vs-swedish">Sweden</a> under the supervision of Robert Berman.
- Afterwards, I was a <a href="https://kaw.wallenberg.org/en/mingchen-xia">Wallenberg postdoc</a> from December 2022 to May 2025. In 2023 and 2024 I applied for the CNRS position twice without getting a single interview.

Email: <xiamingchen2008@gmail.com> 

Accessing Gmail in China requires some magics, which may fail from time to time. I apologise for possibly late replies.

> Good to know before contacting me: 1. À quelques exceptions près, je refuse de contribuer aux revues françaises. 2. I stopped working on K-stability since 2021. 3. My given name is Mingchen instead of Xia, Xiam, Mincheng, Minchen or Mingcheng. And I am male. 4. Preferred languages: Chinese > English or French. Ich versuche, mein Deutsch zu verbessern. Du kannst mir gern auf Hochdeutsch schreiben, wenn es dich nicht stört, Antworten auf holprigem Deutsch zu bekommen.


## Some Problems

This is a collection of problems arising from my own research that may be of interest to people outside my domain.  If you know the solutions to any of the following problems, please let me know.

- [Flat pull-back of currents on complex analytic spaces](https://mathoverflow.net/questions/407628/regularity-of-fiber-integration-between-complex-analytic-spaces)

- [Compute mixed volumes of big line bundles from Okounkov bodies](https://mathoverflow.net/questions/408179/mixed-volumes-of-newton-okounkov-bodies)

> By [a theorem of Jow](https://arxiv.org/abs/0902.2521), information of all Okounkov bodies determines all numerical information of line bundles. This problem asks for explicit formulae.

## Lecture notes

> Fere libenter homines id quod volunt credunt.

### Archimedean pluripotential theory

- Lectures on pluripotential theory [1](Lectures/ShanghaiTech1.pdf), [2](Lectures/ShanghaiTech2.pdf), [3](Lectures/ShanghaiTech3.pdf), [4](Lectures/ShanghaiTech4.pdf).

> Lecture notes for my course at Shanghai Tech university in the summer of 2023.

- [Characterizations of I-good singularities](Lectures/CAS1.pdf).

> Lecture notes for my course at Chinese academy of science in the summer of 2023.

- [Singularities in global pluripotential theory](Lectures/SGPT2.pdf). Revised in September 2025.

> Lecture notes for my course at Zhejiang university in the spring of 2024. Please let me know if you find any typos/mistakes or find any of the arguments unclear. 

### Non-Archimedean geometry

- Lectures on non-Archimedean pluripotential theory [1](Lectures/USTC_NA_1.pdf), [2](Lectures/USTC_NA_2.pdf), [3](Lectures/USTC_NA_3.pdf), [4](Lectures/USTC_NA_4.pdf).

> Lecture notes for my course at USTC in the spring of 2024.

## Other notes

- [LaTeX tips for working mathematicians](Notes/LaTeX_tips.pdf)

- [Relative pluripotential theory](Notes/RPT.pdf) (Chapter I to Chapter III)

> Just a preliminary version with potentially many mistakes. I'm slowly adding new materials.

- [Radial Calabi flow](Notes/RCF.pdf)  

> One of my unfinished projects. It contains a number of conjectures of interest.

- [Note on relative normalisations](Notes/RN.pdf)

> I collect a few well-known results about relative normalisations.

- Notes on the toroidal compactifications of Shimura varieties: [I](Notes/SV1.pdf), [II](Notes/SV2.pdf), [III](Notes/SV3.pdf), [X](Notes/SV10.pdf), [XIII](Notes/SV13.pdf).

- Notes on Hodge theory: [Carlson's correspondence](Notes/Hodge1.pdf).

- [Operations on transcendental non-Archimedean metrics](https://bookstore.ams.org/view?ProductCode=CONM/810). [arXiv:2312.17150](https://arxiv.org/abs/2312.17150).

> This note is a trivial continuation of my joint paper with Darvas and Zhang. The only notable result is Theorem 4.21. <span style="color:red"> The editors put an earlier version in the final book by mistake. Please read the arXiv version instead. </span>

- [Non-pluripolar currents are not necessarily I-good](Notes/IGE.pdf)

> I construct a non-pluripolar qpsh function with small unbounded locus which is not I-good.

- Notes on Ducros' book "La structure des courbes analytiques" [Chapter 3](Notes/Duc3.pdf), [Chapter 4](Notes/Duc4.pdf)

> My notes while learning Ducros' book.

## Beamers

- [Pluripotential-theoretic approach to radial energy functionals](Beamers/PTA.pdf)  Beijing university, 11/20/2020 (mm/dd/yyyy).

- [Analytic Bertini theorem](Beamers/ABT.pdf) Oslo SCV conference, 12/18/2021.

- [A mathematician’s complaint about Hermitian operators](Beamers/MC.pdf) A talk for physicists during an informal seminar, 12/10/2021.

- [The volume of pseudo-effective line bundles and partial Okounkov bodies](Beamers/VPPO.pdf)  YMSC Tsinghua university, 12/20/2021.

- [Chern--Weil formulae of singular Hermitian vector bundles](Beamers/CWF.pdf) Aarhus, 05/20/2022.

- [Les singularités $\mathcal{I}$-bonnes --- L'intersection entre la théorie analytique et la théorie algébrique](Beamers/IBS.pdf) IMJ-PRG, 01/03/2023.

> En attendant le remboursement du repa de 7 euros jusqu'à aujourd'hui.

- [A transcendental approach to non-Archimedean metrics](Beamers/TAnA.pdf) Göteborg, 05/04/2023.

- [Transcendental Okounkov bodies and the trace operator of currents](Beamers/TOB.pdf) Toulouse, 10/05/2023.

- [Singularities in global pluripotential theory](Beamers/SGPT.pdf) Kanazawa, 12/06/2023.

- [Partial Okounkov bodies and toric geometry](Beamers/POB.pdf) Cambridge, 05/17/2024.

- [A brief history of potential theory — From Poisson to Lelong](Beamers/HPT.pdf) Shanghai, 09/04/2024

- [Transcendental b-divisors](Beamers/TBD.pdf) Göteborg, 05/28/2025.



## Research

>Errare humanum est.

All my preprints can be found on arXiv. See [my Google Scholar page](https://scholar.google.se/citations?user=1GbYhEMAAAAJ) as well.

### Works in progress

- [Transcendental b-divisors](Papers/TB.pdf)

> In this paper, I studied the theory of transcendental b-divisors. This paper itself is complete. I am working on a subsequent project. Updated in December 2025, references updated.

- [Transcendental b-divisors II](Papers/TB2.pdf)

> In this paper, I proved a quantitative version of the monotonicity theorem and proved a relation between the loss of mass and the Lelong numbers. The main result Theorem B can be seen as a version of the BDPP conjecture. The natural question is: How to generalize Theorem B to variations in the transcendental directions?

### K-stability

- On sharp lower bounds for Calabi type functionals and destabilizing properties of gradient flows, ***Analysis & PDE***, (2021).  [arXiv:1901.07889](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.07889) [Journal link](https://msp.org/apde/2021/14-6/p12.xhtml)

> My note [Radial Calabi flow](Notes/RCF.pdf) might be of interest to the readers of this paper.

- Pluripotential-theoretic stability thresholds, ***IMRN***, (2022).  [arXiv:2012.12039](https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.12039) [Journal link](https://academic.oup.com/imrn/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/imrn/rnac186/6644735)

> In arXiv version 1, Section 8, I briefly explained the second order expansion of Donaldson's L-functionals, which might be of interest as well.

### Pluripotential theory

- Integration by parts formula for non-pluripolar product.  [arXiv:1907.06359](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.06359)

> This paper was the first proof of the integration by parts formula. However, a better approach was found later on by Lu, so this paper is no longer important. I don't intend to submit it.

- Mabuchi geometry of big cohomology classes with prescribed singularities, ***Journal für die reine und angewandte Mathematik***, (2023). [arXiv:1907.07234](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.07234) [Journal link](https://www.degruyter.com/document/doi/10.1515/crelle-2023-0019/html)

>  There is a slight issue in the proof of Theorem 2.11 line 10: <span style="color:red"> $f^{\#}$ is only formally smooth, not smooth. </span> This does not affect anything in the proof. This is corrected in [this version](Papers/MG.pdf).

> As pointed out by Vasanth Pidaparthy and Prakhar Gupta, the statement of Proposition 4.12(ii) (Proposition 6.12(ii) in the arXiv version) is wrong in the generality as stated there, <span style="color:red"> one needs to assume that $\varphi_0\leq \gamma\leq \varphi_1$ in addition</span>. This mistake does not affect the other parts of the paper.

> The published version contains only the special case without prescribed singularities on Kähler manifolds. The method in the general case is exactly the same.

- The closures of test configurations and algebraic singularity types, (joint with Tamás Darvas), ***Advances in Mathematics***, (2022).  [arXiv:2003.04818](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.04818) [Journal link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0001870822000147)

- The volume of pseudoeffective line bundles and partial equilibrium, (joint with Tamás Darvas), ***Geometry & Topology***, (2024). [arXiv:2112.03827](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03827) [Journal link](https://msp.org/gt/2024/28-4/p09.xhtml)

- Partial Okounkov bodies and Duistermaat--Heckman measures of non-Archimedean metrics. [arXiv:2112.04290](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.04290)

> The proof of the Hausdorff convergence property in this paper is quite messy. My [book](Lectures/SGPT2.pdf) contains a more readable proof.

- Non-pluripolar products on vector bundles and Chern--Weil formulae, ***Mathematische Annalen***, (2024). [arXiv:2210.15342](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.15342) [Journal link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00208-024-02838-4)

- Transcendental Okounkov bodies, (joint with Tamás Darvas, Rémi Reboulet, David Witt Nyström and Kewei Zhang). [arXiv:2309.07584](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.07584)

- The trace operator of quasi-plurisubharmonic functions on compact Kähler manifolds, (joint with Tamás Darvas). [arXiv:2403.08259](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.08259)

> A different point of view to the trace operator can be found in my lecture notes at Zhejiang university. Given the strong analogy with the usual trace opeartor, it is natural to ask if one could solve the Dirichlet problem for our trace operators: Is it possible to extend (in the sense of trace operators, up to I-equivalence) any Kähler current within a given big cohomology class?

### Non-Archimedean geometry and algebraic geometry

- On Liu morphisms in non-Archimedean geometry, ***Israel Journal of Mathematics, (2022)***. [arXiv:2106.08032](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.08032) [Journal link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11856-022-2456-6)

> In the complex analytic setting, very similar arguments (using Fréchet algebras instead of Banach algebras) give the notion of Stein morphisms. It is of interest to see if these morphisms are useful. <span style="color:red"> M. Maculan pointed out that Liu morphisms are not G-local on the target, see the [corrected version](Papers/Liu.pdf). </span> I will update arXiv in a few days.

- Analytic Bertini theorem, ***Mathematische Zeitschrift***, (2022).  [arXiv:2110.14971](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.14971) [Journal link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00209-022-03103-7)

>  There is minor gap in the proof: <span style="color:red"> In the first step, one needs to further enlarge $\Sigma_1$ to make sure that the restriction ideal coincides with the pull-back as coherent sheaves.</span> A corrected proof is presented in my lecture notes at Zhejiang University. 

- A transcendental approach to non-Archimedean metrics of pseudoeffective classes, (joint with Tamás Darvas and Kewei Zhang). [arXiv:2302.02541](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.02541)

> The theory of non-Archimedean psh functions we developed in this paper trivally satisfies Boucksom--Jonsson's envelope conjecture (even on a general unibranch complex space), see my note [Operations on transcendental non-Archimedean metrics](Notes/OTNA.pdf).

## My favourite links

### Legal links

- [Online math seminars](https://researchseminars.org)

- [Tikz-cd editor](https://tikzcd.yichuanshen.de)

- [Quiver](https://q.uiver.app)

- [Stacks Project](https://stacks.math.columbia.edu)

- [Kerodon](https://kerodon.net)

- [Almost Sure](https://almostsuremath.com)

- [MacTutor](https://mathshistory.st-andrews.ac.uk)

### Illegal links

- [ZLibrary](https://z-library.sk)

> Updated on Nov 8, 2024.

- [Libgen](https://libgen.vg)

> Updated on Jul 21, 2025.

- [Sci-hub](http://sci-hub.vkif.top)

> Sci-hub is getting blocked in many countries recently. If the link fails to work, please try to change the domain name.
